[Python] new concept exercise - `bools` (#1952)
exercism/v3: languages/python/exercises/concept/bools/.docs/instructions.md

> In this exercise, you need to translate some rules from the classic game Pac-Man into Elixir functions.

Reviewer: I realize that Pac-Man is as famous as any game, but do we need to include a link to Wikipedia or something here?

> In this exercise, you need to translate some rules from the classic game Pac-Man into Elixir functions.
> 
> You have four rules to translate, all related to the game states.

Reviewer 2: I think Elixir is a remnant of the source exercise :) That said, I don't actually think the "into Elixir functions" bit is the best way to describe the exercise. Maybe do something like this:

```suggestion
In this exercise, you need to implement some of the rules from the classic game Pac-Man.

You have four rules to implement, all related to the game states.
```

Author: Yep, remnant

> Don't worry about how the arguments are derived, just focus on combining the arguments to return the intended result.

## 1. Define if Pac-Man eats a ghost

> Define the `Rules.eat_ghost?/2` function that takes two parameters (_if Pac-Man has a power pellet active_ and _if Pac-Man is touching a ghost_) and returns a boolean value if Pac-Man is able to eat the ghost. The function should return `True` only if Pac-Man has a power pellet active and is touching a ghost.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Define the `eat_ghost()` function that takes two parameters (_if Pac-Man has a power pellet active_ and _if Pac-Man is touching a ghost_) and returns a boolean value if Pac-Man is able to eat the ghost. The function should return `True` only if Pac-Man has a power pellet active and is touching a ghost.
```

> Define the `Rules.eat_ghost?/2` function that takes two parameters (_if Pac-Man has a power pellet active_ and _if Pac-Man is touching a ghost_) and returns a boolean value if Pac-Man is able to eat the ghost. The function should return `True` only if Pac-Man has a power pellet active and is touching a ghost.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Define the `Rules.eat_ghost` function that takes two parameters (_if Pac-Man has a power pellet active_ and _if Pac-Man is touching a ghost_) and returns a boolean value if Pac-Man is able to eat the ghost. The function should return `True` only if Pac-Man has a power pellet active and is touching a ghost.
```

Reviewer: This suggestion is better: https://github.com/exercism/v3/pull/1952#discussion_r458059599

```python
eat_ghost(False, True)
# => False
```

## 2. Define if Pac-Man scores

> Define the `Rules.score?/2` function that takes two parameters (_if Pac-Man is touching a power pellet_ and _if Pac-Man is touching a dot_) and returns a boolean value if Pac-Man scored. The function should return `True` if Pac-Man is touching a power pellet or a dot.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Define the `score()` function that takes two parameters (_if Pac-Man is touching a power pellet_ and _if Pac-Man is touching a dot_) and returns a boolean value if Pac-Man scored. The function should return `True` if Pac-Man is touching a power pellet or a dot.
```

> Define the `Rules.score?/2` function that takes two parameters (_if Pac-Man is touching a power pellet_ and _if Pac-Man is touching a dot_) and returns a boolean value if Pac-Man scored. The function should return `True` if Pac-Man is touching a power pellet or a dot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Define the `Rules.score` function that takes two parameters (_if Pac-Man is touching a power pellet_ and _if Pac-Man is touching a dot_) and returns a boolean value if Pac-Man scored. The function should return `True` if Pac-Man is touching a power pellet or a dot.
```

Reviewer: This suggestion is better: https://github.com/exercism/v3/pull/1952#discussion_r458059694

```python
score(True, True)
# => True
```

## 3. Define if Pac-Man loses

> Define the `Rules.lose?/2` function that takes two parameters (_if Pac-Man has a power pellet active_ and _if Pac-Man is touching a ghost_) and returns a boolean value if Pac-Man loses. The function should return `True` if Pac-Man is touching a ghost and does not have a power pellet active.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Define the `lose()` function that takes two parameters (_if Pac-Man has a power pellet active_ and _if Pac-Man is touching a ghost_) and returns a boolean value if Pac-Man loses. The function should return `True` if Pac-Man is touching a ghost and does not have a power pellet active.
```

> Define the `Rules.lose?/2` function that takes two parameters (_if Pac-Man has a power pellet active_ and _if Pac-Man is touching a ghost_) and returns a boolean value if Pac-Man loses. The function should return `True` if Pac-Man is touching a ghost and does not have a power pellet active.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Define the `Rules.lose` function that takes two parameters (_if Pac-Man has a power pellet active_ and _if Pac-Man is touching a ghost_) and returns a boolean value if Pac-Man loses. The function should return `True` if Pac-Man is touching a ghost and does not have a power pellet active.
```

Reviewer: This suggestion is better: https://github.com/exercism/v3/pull/1952#discussion_r458059764

```python
lose(False, True)
# => True
```

## 4. Define if Pac-Man wins

> Define the `Rules.win?/3` function that takes three parameters (_if Pac-Man has eaten all of the dots_, _if Pac-Man has a power pellet active_, and _if Pac-Man is touching a ghost_) and returns a boolean value if Pac-Man wins. The function should return `True` if Pac-Man has eaten all of the dots and has not lost based on the parameters defined in part 3.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Define the `win()` function that takes three parameters (_if Pac-Man has eaten all of the dots_, _if Pac-Man has a power pellet active_, and _if Pac-Man is touching a ghost_) and returns a boolean value if Pac-Man wins. The function should return `True` if Pac-Man has eaten all of the dots and has not lost based on the parameters defined in part 3.
```

> Define the `Rules.win?/3` function that takes three parameters (_if Pac-Man has eaten all of the dots_, _if Pac-Man has a power pellet active_, and _if Pac-Man is touching a ghost_) and returns a boolean value if Pac-Man wins. The function should return `True` if Pac-Man has eaten all of the dots and has not lost based on the parameters defined in part 3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Define the `Rules.win` function that takes three parameters (_if Pac-Man has eaten all of the dots_, _if Pac-Man has a power pellet active_, and _if Pac-Man is touching a ghost_) and returns a boolean value if Pac-Man wins. The function should return `True` if Pac-Man has eaten all of the dots and has not lost based on the parameters defined in part 3.
```

Reviewer: This suggestion is better: https://github.com/exercism/v3/pull/1952#discussion_r458059840
